Update contribution guide (#636)
release-monitoring/anitya: docs/contributing.rst

For additional ``psql`` commands see ``man psql``.

> To run cron job in vagrant container run these commands::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the cron job in the Vagrant guest, run these commands::
```

    $ workon anitya

>     $ ANITYA_WEB_CONFIG=/home/vagrant/anitya.toml python files/anitya_cron.py

Reviewer: You could make it so that the ```workon anitya``` adds ```ANITYA_WEB_CONFIG=/home/vagrant/anitya.toml``` to the environment automatically.

Author: I added it to `bashrc` for vagrant guest.

1. Change the version in ``anitya.__init__.__version__``. This is used to set the
   version in the documentation project and the setup.py file.

> 2. Add any missing news fragment to ``news`` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add any missing news fragments to the ``news`` folder.
```

3. Generate the changelog by running ``towncrier``.

.. note::

>     If you added any news fragment in previous step you could see ``towncrier``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you added any news fragment in the previous step, you might see ``towncrier``
```

>     complaining about removing them, because these are not commited in git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    complaining about removing them, because they are not committed in git.
```

>     Just ignore this and remove them manually, release notes will be generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Just ignore this and remove them manually; release notes will be generated
```

    anyway.

4. Commit your changes.

> 5. Tag a release with ``git tag -s <version>``.

Reviewer: +100
